just to go over the simple food we
didn't top it off the whip going to the
followers but first we went forward that
right flip doesn't talk about the
hydrokleen action where it's on the
outside edge of the foot so you both
have a brutally feel for it so it goes
one and two back three together extends
to us three together extend once the
hand touches the small of my back I want
to fill that cup for I'm actually
hanging back and anchoring into might
not pitch forward on the floor that
would be a very basement obviously to do
this but I wouldn't be kinetic an anchor
into him
I think compress and five my compression
is directly to my left shoulders
connecting to his and the back of my
heel that way fully connected by count
six so six is the money count seven and
eight okay for the leaders all we do is
this we step back in one and I wanna
make sure that my shoulders my hips and
my knees are aligned I'm isolating an
accident last of my fingertips not the
biceps I'm not J hooking I twist my body
one and two I now compressed with my
back of my body in two or three and I
connect with their hands forward so my
body is now expanded I'm not the dummy
but but I'm right hit the belly button
so I have torque I then use my truck to
twist around so it's a true body Lee
left shoulder connecting to her left
shoulder and I personally like to put
the ball of my foot down here five
because that gives me a lot of pump to
push off an anchor quick round six
sometimes this can be very motivating to
go forward you want to step forward on
six don't do it by anchor six seven and
eight and that's the width so slowly
I'll do it all the way through one two
back three and four
attention triple step for leaders we go
1 & 2 3 & 4
compression attention triple step
remember we also learned the little
footwork trick when we talked about
going from toe to heel constantly
keeping the feet quiet
sneaking out of the house with a good
posture and sliding the ball to foot
down work on this action okay that's
going to be your homework for this week
I'm gonna see that next week so walk in
and walk in and walk walk walk in a walk